A Little Chat (SNC)
All-Seeing Arbiter (SNC)
Angelic Observer (SNC)
snc--Angel of Suffering
snc--An Offer You Can't Refuse
snc--Antagonize
snc--Arcane Bombardment
snc--Arc Spitter
snc--Attended Socialite
snc--Aven Heartstabber
snc--Backstreet Bruiser
snc--Backup Agent
snc--Ballroom Brawlers
snc--Big Score
snc--Black Market Tycoon
snc--Body Dropper
snc--Body Launderer
snc--Boon of Safety
snc--Bootleggers' Stash
snc--Botanical Plaza
snc--Bouncer's Beatdown
snc--Brass Knuckles
snc--Brazen Upstart
snc--Broken Wings
snc--Brokers Ascendancy
snc--Brokers Charm
snc--Brokers Hideout
snc--Brokers Initiate
snc--Brokers Veteran
snc--Buy Your Silence
snc--Cabaretti Ascendancy
snc--Cabaretti Charm
snc--Cabaretti Courtyard
snc--Cabaretti Initiate
snc--Caldaia Strongarm
snc--Call In a Professional
snc--Capenna Express
snc--Case the Joint
snc--Celebrity Fencer
snc--Celestial Regulator
snc--Cement Shoes
snc--Cemetery Tampering
snc--Ceremonial Groundbreaker
snc--Chrome Cat
snc--Citizen's Crowbar
snc--Civic Gardener
snc--Civil Servant
snc--Cleanup Crew
snc--Cormela, Glamour Thief
snc--Corpse Appraiser
snc--Corpse Explosion
snc--Corrupt Court Official
snc--Courier's Briefcase
snc--Crew Captain
snc--Crooked Custodian
snc--Cut of the Profits
snc--Cutthroat Contender
snc--Cut Your Losses
snc--Dapper Shieldmate
snc--Daring Escape
snc--Darling of the Masses
snc--Deal Gone Bad
snc--Demon's Due
snc--Depopulate
snc--Devilish Valet
snc--Dig Up the Body
snc--Disciplined Duelist
snc--Disdainful Stroke
snc--Dusk Mangler
snc--Echo Inspector
snc--Elegant Entourage
snc--Elspeth Resplendent
snc--Endless Detour
snc--Errant, Street Artist
snc--Evelyn, the Covetous
snc--Even the Score
snc--Evolving Door
snc--Exhibition Magician
snc--Exotic Pets
snc--Expendable Lackey
snc--Extraction Specialist
snc--Extract the Truth
snc--Faerie Vandal
snc--Fake Your Own Death
snc--Falco Spara, Pactweaver
snc--Fatal Grudge
snc--Fight Rigging
snc--Fleetfoot Dancer
snc--Forest
snc--Forge Boss
snc--For the Family
snc--Freelance Muscle
snc--Gala Greeters
snc--Gathering Throng
snc--Getaway Car
snc--Giada, Font of Hope
snc--Gilded Pinions
snc--Girder Goons
snc--Glamorous Outlaw
snc--Glittering Stockpile
snc--Glittermonger
snc--Goldhound
snc--Graveyard Shift
snc--Grisly Sigil
snc--Halo Fountain
snc--Halo Scarab
snc--High-Rise Sawjack
snc--Hoard Hauler
snc--Hold for Ransom
snc--Hostile Takeover
snc--Hypnotic Grifter
snc--Illicit Shipment
snc--Illuminator Virtuoso
snc--Incandescent Aria
snc--Incriminate
snc--Inspiring Overseer
snc--Involuntary Employment
snc--Island
snc--Jackhammer
snc--Jaxis, the Troublemaker
snc--Jetmir, Nexus of Revels
snc--Jetmir's Fixer
snc--Jetmir's Garden
snc--Jewel Thief
snc--Jinnie Fay, Jetmir's Second
snc--Join the Maestros
snc--Kill Shot
snc--Knockout Blow
snc--Lagrella, the Magpie
snc--Ledger Shredder
snc--Light 'Em Up
snc--Lord Xander, the Collector
snc--Luxior, Giada's Gift
snc--Luxurious Libation
snc--Maestros Ascendancy
snc--Maestros Charm
snc--Maestros Diabolist
snc--Maestros Initiate
snc--Maestros Theater
snc--Mage's Attendant
snc--Majestic Metamorphosis
snc--Make Disappear
snc--Masked Bandits
snc--Mayhem Patrol
snc--Meeting of the Five
snc--Metropolis Angel
snc--Midnight Assassin
snc--Most Wanted
snc--Mountain
snc--Mr. Orfeo, the Boulder
snc--Murder
snc--Mysterious Limousine
snc--Night Clubber
snc--Nimble Larcenist
snc--Ob Nixilis, the Adversary
snc--Obscura Ascendancy
snc--Obscura Charm
snc--Obscura Initiate
snc--Obscura Interceptor
snc--Obscura Storefront
snc--Ognis, the Dragon's Lash
snc--Ominous Parcel
snc--Out of the Way
snc--Paragon of Modernity
snc--Park Heights Pegasus
snc--Patch Up
snc--Plains
snc--Plasma Jockey
snc--Prizefight
snc--Professional Face-Breaker
snc--Psionic Snoop
snc--Psychic Pickpocket
snc--Public Enemy
snc--Pugnacious Pugilist
snc--Pyre-Sledge Arsonist
snc--Queza, Augur of Agonies
snc--Quick-Draw Dagger
snc--Rabble Rousing
snc--Racers' Ring
snc--Raffine, Scheming Seer
snc--Raffine's Guidance
snc--Raffine's Informant
snc--Raffine's Silencer
snc--Raffine's Tower
snc--Rakish Revelers
snc--Ready to Rumble
snc--Refuse to Yield
snc--Reservoir Kraken
snc--Revelation of Power
snc--Revel Ruiner
snc--Rhox Pummeler
snc--Rigo, Streetwise Mentor
snc--Riveteers Ascendancy
snc--Riveteers Charm
snc--Riveteers Decoy
snc--Riveteers Initiate
snc--Riveteers Overlook
snc--Riveteers Requisitioner
snc--Rob the Archives
snc--Rocco, Cabaretti Caterer
snc--Rogues' Gallery
snc--Rooftop Nuisance
snc--Rumor Gatherer
snc--Run Out of Town
snc--Sanctuary Warden
snc--Sanguine Spy
snc--Scheming Fence
snc--Scuttling Butler
snc--Security Bypass
snc--Security Rhox
snc--Sewer Crocodile
snc--Shadow of Mortality
snc--Shakedown Heavy
snc--Shattered Seraph
snc--Sizzling Soloist
snc--Skybridge Towers
snc--Sky Crier
snc--Sleep with the Fishes
snc--Slip Out the Back
snc--Snooping Newsie
snc--Social Climber
snc--Soul of Emancipation
snc--Spara's Adjudicators
snc--Spara's Headquarters
snc--Speakeasy Server
snc--Sticky Fingers
snc--Stimulus Package
snc--Strangle
snc--Structural Assault
snc--Suspicious Bookcase
snc--Swamp
snc--Swooping Protector
snc--Syndicate Infiltrator
snc--Tainted Indulgence
snc--Take to the Streets
snc--Tavern Swindler
snc--Tenacious Underdog
snc--Titan of Industry
snc--Toluz, Clever Conductor
snc--Topiary Stomper
snc--Torch Breath
snc--Tramway Station
snc--Undercover Operative
snc--Unleash the Inferno
snc--Unlicensed Hearse
snc--Unlucky Witness
snc--Urabrask, Heretic Praetor
snc--Vampire Scrivener
snc--Venom Connoisseur
snc--Vivien on the Hunt
snc--Voice of the Vermin
snc--Void Rend
snc--Warm Welcome
snc--Waterfront District
snc--Whack
snc--Widespread Thieving
snc--Wingshield Agent
snc--Wiretapping
snc--Witness Protection
snc--Witty Roastmaster
snc--Workshop Warchief
snc--Wrecking Crew
snc--Xander's Lounge
snc--Ziatora's Envoy
snc--Ziatora's Proving Ground
snc--Ziatora, the Incinerator