tsr--Aeon Chronicler
tsr--Akroma, Angel of Fury
tsr--Akroma's Memorial
tsr--Amrou Scout
tsr--Amrou Seekers
tsr--Ancestral Vision
tsr--Ancient Grudge
tsr--Angel of Salvation
tsr--Angel's Grace
tsr--Arc Blade
tsr--Assassinate
tsr--Aven Mindcensor
tsr--Aven Riftwatcher
tsr--Basalt Gargoyle
tsr--Battering Sliver
tsr--Benalish Cavalry
tsr--Benalish Commander
tsr--Bewilder
tsr--Big Game Hunter
tsr--Blade of the Sixth Pride
tsr--Blightspeaker
tsr--Bonded Fetch
tsr--Bonesplitter Sliver
tsr--Boom
tsr--Bound in Silence
tsr--Brine Elemental
tsr--Brute Force
tsr--Calciderm
tsr--Calciform Pools
tsr--Careful Consideration
tsr--Castle Raptors
tsr--Cautery Sliver
tsr--Celestial Crusader
tsr--Char-Rumbler
tsr--Children of Korlis
tsr--Chromatic Star
tsr--Citanul Woodreaders
tsr--Clockwork Hydra
tsr--Cloud Key
tsr--Cloudseeder
tsr--Coalition Relic
tsr--Coal Stoker
tsr--Conflagrate
tsr--Coral Trickster
tsr--Corpulent Corpse
tsr--Crookclaw Transmuter
tsr--Crovax, Ascendant Hero
tsr--Cryptic Annelid
tsr--Cutthroat il-Dal
tsr--Damnation
tsr--Darkheart Sliver
tsr--Dark Withering
tsr--Dead
tsr--Deadly Grub
tsr--Deathspore Thallid
tsr--Deepcavern Imp
tsr--Delay
tsr--Dormant Sliver
tsr--Draining Whelk
tsr--Dralnu, Lich Lord
tsr--Dread Return
tsr--Dreadship Reef
tsr--Dreamscape Artist
tsr--Dream Stalker
tsr--Drifter il-Dal
tsr--Dryad Arbor
tsr--Dunerider Outlaw
tsr--Durkwood Baloth
tsr--Duskrider Peregrine
tsr--Edge of Autumn
tsr--Empty the Warrens
tsr--Enslave
tsr--Errant Doomsayers
tsr--Errant Ephemeron
tsr--Erratic Mutation
tsr--Evolution Charm
tsr--Extirpate
tsr--Faceless Devourer
tsr--Fathom Seer
tsr--Feebleness
tsr--Firemaw Kavu
tsr--Firewake Sliver
tsr--Flagstones of Trokair
tsr--Foresee
tsr--Fortify
tsr--Fungal Reaches
tsr--Fungus Sliver
tsr--Fury Sliver
tsr--Gaea's Anthem
tsr--Gathan Raiders
tsr--Gauntlet of Power
tsr--Gemhide Sliver
tsr--Gemstone Caverns
tsr--Giant Dustwasp
tsr--Glittering Wish
tsr--Gorgon Recluse
tsr--Gossamer Phantasm
tsr--Grapeshot
tsr--Grave Scrabbler
tsr--Greater Gargadon
tsr--Greenseeker
tsr--Griffin Guide
tsr--Grinning Ignus
tsr--Harmonic Sliver
tsr--Harmonize
tsr--Haze of Rage
tsr--Heartwood Storyteller
tsr--Henchfiend of Ukor
tsr--Hivestone
tsr--Homing Sliver
tsr--Hypergenesis
tsr--Ichor Slick
tsr--Imperiosaur
tsr--Infiltrator il-Kor
tsr--Ith, High Arcanist
tsr--Ivory Giant
tsr--Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
tsr--Jhoira of the Ghitu
tsr--Jhoira's Timebug
tsr--Jodah's Avenger
tsr--Judge Unworthy
tsr--Kaervek the Merciless
tsr--Kavu Primarch
tsr--Keen Sense
tsr--Keldon Halberdier
tsr--Kher Keep
tsr--Knight of Sursi
tsr--Knight of the Holy Nimbus
tsr--Kor Dirge
tsr--Krosan Grip
tsr--Life and Limb
tsr--Lightning Axe
tsr--Living End
tsr--Llanowar Mentor
tsr--Logic Knot
tsr--Looter il-Kor
tsr--Lost Auramancers
tsr--Lotus Bloom
tsr--Lymph Sliver
tsr--Magus of the Future
tsr--Magus of the Moon
tsr--Mana Tithe
tsr--Mangara of Corondor
tsr--Mass of Ghouls
tsr--Might of Old Krosa
tsr--Might Sliver
tsr--Mindstab
tsr--Minions' Murmurs
tsr--Mire Boa
tsr--Mirri the Cursed
tsr--Mogg War Marshal
tsr--Molten Slagheap
tsr--Momentary Blink
tsr--Muck Drubb
tsr--Muraganda Petroglyphs
tsr--Mycologist
tsr--Mystical Teachings
tsr--Nantuko Shaman
tsr--Necrotic Sliver
tsr--Needlepeak Spider
tsr--Nether Traitor
tsr--Nightshade Assassin
tsr--Orcish Cannonade
tsr--Outrider en-Kor
tsr--Pact of Negation
tsr--Pact of the Titan
tsr--Pallid Mycoderm
tsr--Paradise Plume
tsr--Pendelhaven Elder
tsr--Penumbra Spider
tsr--Phantom Wurm
tsr--Phthisis
tsr--Piracy Charm
tsr--Pit Keeper
tsr--Pongify
tsr--Porphyry Nodes
tsr--Poultice Sliver
tsr--Premature Burial
tsr--Primal Forcemage
tsr--Primal Plasma
tsr--Prismatic Lens
tsr--Prodigal Pyromancer
tsr--Psychotic Episode
tsr--Pulmonic Sliver
tsr--Radha, Heir to Keld
tsr--Rathi Trapper
tsr--Reality Acid
tsr--Rebuff the Wicked
tsr--Reckless Wurm
tsr--Reflex Sliver
tsr--Reiterate
tsr--Restore Balance
tsr--Return to Dust
tsr--Riddle of Lightning
tsr--Ridged Kusite
tsr--Rift Bolt
tsr--Rift Elemental
tsr--Riftmarked Knight
tsr--Riftwing Cloudskate
tsr--Riptide Pilferer
tsr--Rough
tsr--Saffi Eriksdotter
tsr--Saltblast
tsr--Saltcrusted Steppe
tsr--Saltfield Recluse
tsr--Sangrophage
tsr--Sarcomite Myr
tsr--Scryb Ranger
tsr--Seal of Primordium
tsr--Search for Tomorrow
tsr--Sedge Sliver
tsr--Sengir Nosferatu
tsr--Serra Avenger
tsr--Shade of Trokair
tsr--Shaper Parasite
tsr--Shivan Meteor
tsr--Shivan Sand-Mage
tsr--Sidewinder Sliver
tsr--Simian Spirit Guide
tsr--Sinew Sliver
tsr--Skirk Shaman
tsr--Skittering Monstrosity
tsr--Slaughter Pact
tsr--Slipstream Serpent
tsr--Sliver Legion
tsr--Sliversmith
tsr--Smallpox
tsr--Snapback
tsr--Spell Burst
tsr--Spiketail Drakeling
tsr--Spinneret Sliver
tsr--Sporesower Thallid
tsr--Sporoloth Ancient
tsr--Stingscourger
tsr--Stonecloaker
tsr--Stormcloud Djinn
tsr--Storm Entity
tsr--Stormfront Riders
tsr--Strangling Soot
tsr--Street Wraith
tsr--Strength in Numbers
tsr--Stronghold Rats
tsr--Stuffy Doll
tsr--Sudden Death
tsr--Sudden Shock
tsr--Sudden Spoiling
tsr--Sulfur Elemental
tsr--Summoner's Pact
tsr--Sunlance
tsr--Swarmyard
tsr--Tarmogoyf
tsr--Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir
tsr--Temporal Isolation
tsr--Tendrils of Corruption
tsr--Terramorphic Expanse
tsr--Thallid Germinator
tsr--Thallid Shell-Dweller
tsr--Thelonite Hermit
tsr--Thelon of Havenwood
tsr--Thick-Skinned Goblin
tsr--Think Twice
tsr--Thornweald Archer
tsr--Thrill of the Hunt
tsr--Timebender
tsr--Tolarian Sentinel
tsr--Tolaria West
tsr--Tombstalker
tsr--Trespasser il-Vec
tsr--Tromp the Domains
tsr--Two-Headed Sliver
tsr--Uktabi Drake
tsr--Urborg Syphon-Mage
tsr--Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth
tsr--Urza's Factory
tsr--Utopia Mycon
tsr--Utopia Vow
tsr--Veiling Oddity
tsr--Venser, Shaper Savant
tsr--Vesuva
tsr--Vesuvan Shapeshifter
tsr--Virulent Sliver
tsr--Walk the Aeons
tsr--Watcher Sliver
tsr--Wheel of Fate
tsr--Whip-Spine Drake
tsr--Whitemane Lion
tsr--Wipe Away
tsr--Yavimaya Dryad
tsr--Yixlid Jailer